README.md, before:

### Prerequisite
- This nvim configuration REQUIRES NeoVim 0.5.0+
- git
- python2/python3
- nodejs >= 12.12

### How to Install vim-plug

### Installation

[Download plug.vim](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/junegunn/vim-plug/master/plug.vim)
and put it in the "autoload" directory.

#### Vim

###### Unix

```sh
curl -fLo ~/.vim/autoload/plug.vim --create-dirs \
    https://raw.githubusercontent.com/junegunn/vim-plug/master/plug.vim
```

You can automate the process by putting the command in your Vim configuration
file as suggested [here][auto].

[auto]: https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug/wiki/tips#automatic-installation

###### Windows (PowerShell)

```powershell
iwr -useb https://raw.githubusercontent.com/junegunn/vim-plug/master/plug.vim |`
    ni $HOME/vimfiles/autoload/plug.vim -Force
```

#### Neovim

###### Unix, Linux

```sh
sh -c 'curl -fLo "${XDG_DATA_HOME:-$HOME/.local/share}"/nvim/site/autoload/plug.vim --create-dirs \
       https://raw.githubusercontent.com/junegunn/vim-plug/master/plug.vim'
```

###### Linux (Flatpak)

```sh
curl -fLo ~/.var/app/io.neovim.nvim/data/nvim/site/autoload/plug.vim --create-dirs \
    https://raw.githubusercontent.com/junegunn/vim-plug/master/plug.vim
```

###### Windows (PowerShell)

```powershell
iwr -useb https://raw.githubusercontent.com/junegunn/vim-plug/master/plug.vim |`
    ni "$(@($env:XDG_DATA_HOME, $env:LOCALAPPDATA)[$null -eq $env:XDG_DATA_HOME])/nvim-data/site/autoload/plug.vim" -Force
```

### After installation
- Install pip, and do pip install --user pynvim
- Install pip3, and do pip3 install --user pynvim
- Install node, and do npm install -g neovim
- Install [ripgrep](https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep)

Commit message:

add prerequisite for nvim-treesitter

README.md, after:

### Prerequisite
- This nvim configuration REQUIRES NeoVim 0.5.0+
- git
- python2/python3
- nodejs >= 12.12
- nvim-treesitter: A C compiler in your path and libstdc++ installed ((Windows users please read this!)[https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter/wiki/Windows-support])

### How to Install vim-plug

### Installation

[Download plug.vim](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/junegunn/vim-plug/master/plug.vim)
and put it in the "autoload" directory.

#### Vim

###### Unix

```sh
curl -fLo ~/.vim/autoload/plug.vim --create-dirs \
    https://raw.githubusercontent.com/junegunn/vim-plug/master/plug.vim
```

You can automate the process by putting the command in your Vim configuration
file as suggested [here][auto].

[auto]: https://github.com/junegunn/vim-plug/wiki/tips#automatic-installation

###### Windows (PowerShell)

```powershell
iwr -useb https://raw.githubusercontent.com/junegunn/vim-plug/master/plug.vim |`
    ni $HOME/vimfiles/autoload/plug.vim -Force
```

#### Neovim

###### Unix, Linux

```sh
sh -c 'curl -fLo "${XDG_DATA_HOME:-$HOME/.local/share}"/nvim/site/autoload/plug.vim --create-dirs \
       https://raw.githubusercontent.com/junegunn/vim-plug/master/plug.vim'
```

###### Linux (Flatpak)

```sh
curl -fLo ~/.var/app/io.neovim.nvim/data/nvim/site/autoload/plug.vim --create-dirs \
    https://raw.githubusercontent.com/junegunn/vim-plug/master/plug.vim
```

###### Windows (PowerShell)

```powershell
iwr -useb https://raw.githubusercontent.com/junegunn/vim-plug/master/plug.vim |`
    ni "$(@($env:XDG_DATA_HOME, $env:LOCALAPPDATA)[$null -eq $env:XDG_DATA_HOME])/nvim-data/site/autoload/plug.vim" -Force
```

### After installation
- Install pip, and do pip install --user pynvim
- Install pip3, and do pip3 install --user pynvim
- Install node, and do npm install -g neovim
- Install [ripgrep](https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep)
